Operator: Welcome to the QNFY2026 Adobe Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Doug Clark, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.

Doug Clark: Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. With me on the call today are Shantanu Narayan, Adobe's Chair and CEO, David Wadwani, President of Creativity and Productivity, Anil Chakravarty, President of Customer Experience Orchestration, and Dan Dern, Executive Vice President and CFO. On this call, which is being recorded, we will discuss Adobe's first quarter fiscal year 2026 financial results. You can find our press release as well as PDFs of our prepared remarks and financial results on Adobe's Investor Relations website. The information discussed on this call, including our financial targets and product plans, is as of today, March 12, and contains forward-looking statements that involve risk, uncertainty, and assumptions. Actual results may differ materially from those set forth in these statements. For more information on those risks, please review today's earnings release and Adobe's SEC filings. On this call, we will discuss GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. Our reported results include GAAP growth rates and non-GAAP growth rates, including constant currency rates. During this presentation, Adobe's executives will refer to revenue growth in constant currency rates unless otherwise stated. Non-GAAP reconciliations are available in our earnings release and on Adobe's investor relations website. I will now turn the call over to Shantanu.

Shantanu Narayan: Thanks, Doug. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Earlier today, we announced that I will be transitioning from my role as CEO after over 18 years and 100 earnings calls. Over the coming months, I will be working with Frank Calderoni, Adobe's lead director, and the board of directors to identify my successor and to ensure a smooth transition. Until then, I will continue to lead Adobe as CEO and will stay on as chair of the board to support my successor, just as John and Chuck did when I took on this role. What attracted me to Adobe 28 years ago remains unchanged. Our leadership in creating new market categories, world-class products, a relentless drive to innovate in every functional area of the company and our employees who continue to invent the future. The privilege of leading this company has been the greatest honor of my career, and I'm committed to setting it up for its next decade of growth with the right leader and executive team in partnership with the board while driving our fiscal 26 strategic priorities. A mission to empower everyone to create represents an even larger opportunity in the AI era. Let me outline what Adobe is doing to drive our top-line growth while maintaining a high level of profitability. As a company that has prided itself on creating categories, our AI transformation begins with a focus on customer-centric product strategy to anticipate and fulfill the diverse needs of a large and growing customer base. At Adobe, we're targeting business professionals and consumers and creative and marketing professionals through differentiated AI-infused and AI-first product offerings across various routes to market and different monetization models. With creativity at the core, we're expanding innovation in all our flagship applications, as well as investing in new offerings. These new products include Adobe Acrobat Studio with Adobe Express, Adobe Firefly, and Adobe Gen Studio. Our new AI-first offerings ending ARR more than tripled year over year, reflecting progress against this opportunity with individuals and enterprises alike. Adobe's continued success in AI will be underpinned by our deep understanding of creativity domains the vast amount of data to which we have access, delivery of complex workflows driving business outcomes, and a great brand across individuals, small and medium businesses, and enterprises. Content is at the heart of all Adobe solutions, which powers educational, social, marketing, brand, entertainment, and business content. Our growth has always been fueled by attracting new users, individual consumers, students, and business professionals into our products, delighting them and driving adoption. We're ruthlessly focused on monthly active users as an indicator of adoption and success for Acrobat and Express, Creative Cloud applications, and Adobe Firefly across different surfaces, including desktop, web, mobile, and LLM platforms. In Q1, we surpassed 850 million monthly active users of Acrobat, Creative Cloud, Express, and Firefly, achieving 17% year-over-year growth, a clear indication that we have both strong usage and a foundation for monetization. In addition to broad end-user adoption, Adobe has always been a trusted partner for enterprises and we're increasingly being asked to help them drive their AI strategy across customer experience orchestration globally. Enterprises are looking to the combination of employees and automation to deliver on the demands of content and marketing at scale. Agentic AI will further enable outcome-focused enterprise workflows as customers look beyond speed to elevate creative differentiation, brand governance, and personalized experiences across channels. Adobe's end-to-end solutions are uniquely designed to meet these needs at scale. Strong momentum across our enterprise offerings underscores our leadership and customer confidence in Adobe's ability to deliver AI-driven value. In Q1, globally, we achieved over 30% year-over-year growth in AP and apps as well as Adobe Gen Studio ending ARR. Our goal has always been to meet customers wherever they work across the broad range of surfaces they use every day, and emerging new platforms have always been additive to our market opportunity. In addition to Windows, Mac, iOS, Android, Chrome, and Edge, we intend to integrate with leading AI platforms such as Anthropic, Google, Microsoft, NVIDIA, and OpenAI providing customers with access, choice, and flexibility. We're jointly driving enterprise transformation at scale in collaboration with global leaders such as Accenture, Cognizant, Deloitte, Dentsu, EY, IBM, Infosys, Omnicom, Publicis, PwC, Stagwell, TCS, and WPP. Given the strategy, I'm pleased with how Adobe is transitioning to an AI-driven business. We had a strong start to the year, achieving $6.4 billion in revenue in Q1, representing 11% year-over-year growth. Gap earnings per share for the quarter was $4.60, and non-gap earnings per share was $6.06, representing 11% and 19% year-over-year growth, respectively. Driving this momentum were Acrobat and Express, Creative Cloud Pro, overall strength in the CXO enterprise solutions, as well as in our AI-first applications. Importantly, we saw tremendous Mao growth in our new initiatives that dampens ARR in the short term, but sets us up to deliver in the quarters ahead. As we continue to transform the business to capitalize on the AI opportunity, our customer-focused strategy, rich product roadmap, innovation momentum, and early success across all routes to market Position us well to empower everyone to create. I'll now turn it over to David.

David Wadwani: Thanks, Shantanu. Hello, everyone. AI is fundamentally reshaping how people create and work. As experiences become increasingly conversational and outcome-driven, more people than ever will benefit from our creativity and productivity tools. Our approach is to expand access to AI across our existing audiences in products like Creative Cloud and Acrobat, reach new audiences with products like Firefly and Express, and help automate content production in enterprises with Firefly Enterprise. As we execute on our strategic initiatives, we're pleased with the progress we're making against three growth drivers. First, new user acquisition is gaining momentum, and we are reaching more new users than ever before as measured through the growth of monthly active users. Notably, Creative Freemium Mao crossed 80 million, growing 50% year-over-year, and includes web and mobile versions of Firefly, Express, Premier, Photoshop, and Lightroom. Second, AI usage continues to grow quickly as measured through record levels of generative credit consumption. Third, our content automation solutions continue to see strong enterprise adoption as measured through record numbers of API calls. These metrics highlight that we're executing against our strategy to empower individuals and businesses to create content in new ways in the era of AI. In the first quarter, subscription revenue for business professionals and consumers was 1.78 billion, growing 15% year over year. Our vision for business professionals and consumers is to deliver AI-powered applications that reinvent how users comprehend, create, and share content. PDF Spaces transforms collections of files and links into dynamic knowledge hubs that allow you to easily collaborate with others. Acrobat AI Assistant provides users conversational experiences that help them comprehend information faster and more accurately with an individual PDF or across documents in a PDF space. Our Acrobat and Express integrations empower users to turn content they're consuming into generated presentations, infographics, audio summaries, and more. It's clear that these AI-based capabilities are resonating with users, as AI Assistant Mao doubled year-over-year and Express Mao tripled year-over-year. Express is now used in 99% of U.S. Fortune 500 companies. In Q3, we introduced Adobe Acrobat Studio, a single offering that brings together all these AI creative capabilities with the PDF tools users know and rely on. Subscription upgrades to offerings that include Acrobat Studio value are off to a strong start across Rockster Market, including Adobe.com and enterprise license renewals. We're embedding Adobe's capabilities directly into new conversational platforms, In Q1, we have launched Acrobat and Express for ChatGPT, significantly expanding the reach of our creativity and productivity workflows. You can expect to see similar integrations into Copilot, Cloud, and Gemini as those platforms support integrated application experiences. We activated new Express partnerships, including Airtel in India, illustrating how our distribution strategy continues to accelerate new user acquisition at scale. Partnerships like these are helping to drive momentum across our business professional and consumer offerings, across individuals and businesses. Subscription revenue in Q1 for creative and marketing professionals was $4.39 billion, growing 11% year over year. Our strategy for creators and creative professionals is to empower everyone to create, from first-time creators to seasoned professionals to large enterprises seeking to scale content production. Firefly, an all-in-one creative AI studio, is the right tool for the next generation of creators and creative professionals. Creative Cloud, with deeply infused AI capabilities, continues to be the destination of choice for power and precision creation, and enterprises are increasingly turning to Firefly Enterprise to unlock a new era of content automation. Firefly is quickly becoming the go-to destination for content generation, ideation, and assembly. Users can generate with over 30 industry-leading models, including Adobe, Google, and OpenAI. They can collaboratively ideate with stakeholders in Adobe Firefly boards. They can edit and assemble image, video, and audio using Firefly's prompt-based editing capabilities with integrated Photoshop and Express web journeys. Firefly momentum is strong, with generative credit consumption growing over 45% quarter over quarter. While that growth is broad-based, generations are skewing toward higher value modalities, with video generative actions growing more than 8x year over year, and audio generative actions doubling year over year, reflecting customers moving deeper into AI-assisted creation across the full creative process. As a result, Firefly subscription and credit pack ending ARR grew 75% quarter over quarter. Creative Cloud applications continue to embed new AI capabilities, making users far more productive. Photoshop added new partner models and support for higher resolution image generation and editing. Illustrator expanded its generative design capabilities with models from OpenAI, Ideogram, and Google to support frequent vector workflows. Premier added AI object masks, which quickly became one of the most used AI features in the application. As Creative Cloud users increase AI usage, we're seeing purchases of Firefly credit packs ramp nicely. Firefly Enterprise, the combination of Firefly Services and Firefly Foundry, is empowering the world's largest brands to scale content production to unprecedented levels. Firefly services provide enterprise-grade APIs, giving businesses more than 30 content production capabilities, which can be run in automated workflows. These include 3D digital twin workflows, showcasing physical products, image and video resizing across every social and digital channel, and campaign variant generation and assembly for personalized marketing content. Firefly Foundry enables the world's largest marketing teams and media companies to build private, deeply tuned AI models trained on their own IP. Unlike generic AI models, Firefly Foundry gives enterprises a commercially safe model that understands and is able to accurately generate their branded assets. Together, these products are driving measurable business outcome by increasing production scale, accelerating velocity, and reducing cost. Firefly Enterprise new customer acquisition grew 50% year over year. Additional Q1 creators and creative professionals highlights include Photoshop launched a conversational editing experience in ChatGPT. 85% of films premiering at the 2026 Sundance Film Festival were made using Adobe Creative Cloud tools. Frame is emerging as the cross-media work-in-progress repository to manage the rapidly increasing volume of content being created and doubled the number of assets under management year over year. And Firefly Foundry continues to build momentum in the media and entertainment vertical, with partnerships including B5 Studios, Cantina Creative, Creative Artist Agency, United Talent Agency, and WME. While Q1 had many highlights, our traditional stock business saw a steeper decline than we expected. This shift is playing out more quickly than we had planned for, and our focus remains on giving customers meaningful choice between stock and generative AI as they build their creative and marketing workflows. Q1 reinforced our confidence in the strategy and opportunity across creativity and productivity. We're thrilled with the new user acquisition and usage growth for creative freemium offerings. We're excited to see the momentum continue with workflow and automation capabilities driving incredible efficiencies in enterprises. I'll now turn it over to Anil.

Anil Chakravarty: Thanks, David. Hello, everyone. Adobe provides the leading AI-powered solutions for creative and marketing professionals to deliver personalized customer experiences at scale. AI remains a tailwind for our enterprise business, enabling us to deliver creative and marketing professional subscription revenue of $4.39 billion in Q1, growing 11% year over year. Adobe pioneered the category of customer experience management. Enterprises around the world rely on our software to identify prospects, acquire new customers, engage and delight them with personalized experiences, and grow customer lifetime value. We are the leading provider of content management systems for websites and mobile apps, and the leading customer data platform that serves as the foundation in enterprises for digital customer engagement. We serve 99 of the Fortune 100 and are the digital platform of choice for Chief Marketing Officers and Chief Digital Officers for their ongoing campaigns and for major marketing moments like the Olympics and Super Bowl. During the 2026 Super Bowl, Adobe enabled experiences peaked with more than 8 billion analytics server hits, 21 million concurrent viewers, 34 million page views, one and a half million video requests per minute, and 216 million emails delivered. In the era of AI, every enterprise needs to drive their current business while harnessing AI to address new trends in consumer behavior and expectations. Companies must ensure their brands remain front and center, even as consumers are increasingly discovering new information, engaging with businesses, and buying products through LLMs and agents. These trends vary significantly by geography and consumer segment, adding complexity for global companies that need to provide personalized experiences through well-established channels like websites, email, and mobile apps, while ramping up new channels like LLMs. Adobe has become the trusted partner for AI-powered customer experience orchestration through our thought leadership, rapid innovation, and omnichannel capabilities, while providing the security, reliability, data governance, global scale, and partner ecosystem that enterprises require. Adobe's unified CXO platform provides solutions for brand visibility, content supply chain, and customer engagement. Adobe Experience Platform is a leading platform for digital customer engagement and brings together new AI-powered apps and agents to transform how businesses build, deliver, and optimize marketing campaigns and customer experiences, as well as reduce costs. In Q1, we introduced new AEP agents along with expanded agent orchestrator capabilities, now available to all AEP customers via a try-and-buy program. The scale of our platform has grown to over 35 trillion segment evaluations and more than 70 billion profile activations per day. Subscription revenue for AEP and native apps grew over 30% year over year, demonstrating continued momentum and value realization. As consumers increasingly use LLMs and agents to discover brands and purchase products, brand visibility has become critical to success in the agentic web. According to Adobe Digital Insights, During the 2025 holiday season, traffic to retail sites from LLMs increased nearly 7x, bringing qualified referrals that convert 31% higher and generate 254% more revenue per visit. Adobe's brand visibility solution, which includes Adobe Experience Manager, Adobe LLM Optimizer, and Adobe Brand Concierge, empowers brands to engage consumers across their own properties, search, social media, LLMs, and agentic channels. Adobe LLM Optimizer enables enterprises to enhance the discoverability of their websites by LLMs and significantly increase their organic traffic. Adobe Brand Concierge is an AI-first application, enabling businesses to configure and manage the genetic AI experiences on their websites and mobile apps to guide consumers from exploration to purchase decisions using immersive and conversational experiences. We expect our pending acquisition of SEMrush will expand our offerings to provide marketers with a comprehensive solution to shape how their brands appear across their own websites, LLMs, traditional search, and the wider web. Content is at the heart of delivering personalized customer experiences, and the demand for high-quality on-brand content has exploded. GenStudio is our comprehensive content supply chain offering, spanning content ideation, creation, production, and activation. GenStudio is highly differentiated. by integrating best-in-class capabilities across Adobe's creativity and marketing applications, including Creative Cloud, Firefly Enterprise, Frame, Adobe Experience Manager, and Workfront. In Q1, we delivered breakthrough innovations enabling GenStudio-created assets to flow directly into activation workflows across the Adobe stack and a broad ecosystem of advertising platforms, including Amazon Ads, Google, LinkedIn, and Meta. Ending ARR for the Adobe Gen Studio family of products grew over 30% year-over-year as the world's leading brands and agencies increasingly turned to Adobe to power their content supply chain. Q1 accomplishments and business highlights include strong customer demand for our agentic web offerings, with over 650 customer trials underway for Adobe LLM Optimizer, Sites Optimizer, and Brand Concierge. Continued adoption and momentum for API Assistant, with 70% of all AP customers using the agentic capabilities. Partnership in the OpenAI initiative to enable brands to create ads for ChatGPT. Accelerating momentum for Firefly services and custom models as part of the GenStudio solution with over 2,500 custom models since launch. And Q1 industry analyst recognition, including being named a leader in two Forrester waves, for digital asset management solutions and revenue marketing platforms for B2B, as well as the Gartner Magic Quadrant for personalization engines. Adobe's unique value is helping enterprises solve their comprehensive customer experience and content supply chain needs, balancing creativity, automation, and costs. Global customer wins in the enterprise in Q1 included Centene, Danska Bank, Deutsche Bank, Heineken, HP, MongoDB, Nordstrom, Paramount, Pilot Travel Centers, RACQ, Revlon, Sherwin-Williams, Southwest Airlines, Stagwell, Target, 2E Travel Group, and WPP. Customer experience orchestration is a critical imperative for every business to drive both top line and bottom line growth. Our unique vision, comprehensive offerings, rapid pace of innovation, extensive partner ecosystem, and laser focus on delivering business value position Adobe as the partner of choice for AI-powered customer experience orchestration. We look forward to unveiling significant innovations and partnerships that will further advance our leadership position at Adobe Summit in April. I'll now pass it to Dan.

Dan Dern: Thanks, Anil. Today, I'll start by summarizing Adobe's performance in Q1 fiscal 2026, highlighting growth drivers across our customer groups, and I'll finish with our financial targets. In Q1, Adobe achieved revenue of $6.40 billion, growing 12% year-over-year as reported and 11% in constant currency. Gap EPS was $4.60, and non-gap EPS was $6.06, increasing 11% and 19% year-over-year, respectively. Gap operating margin was 37.8%, and non-gap operating margin was 47.4%. Q1 financial highlights included total Adobe ending ARR of $26.06 billion, growing 10.9% year-over-year. Total customer group subscription revenue of $6.17 billion, growing 13% year-over-year or 12% in constant currency. RPO of $22.22 billion exiting the quarter, growing 13% year-over-year or 12% in constant currency. and CRPO growing 12% as reported or 11% in constant currency. Cash flows from operations in the quarter were a Q1 record of $2.96 billion, and ending cash in short-term investment positions exiting Q1 was $6.89 billion, and repurchasing approximately 8.1 million shares of our stock during the quarter exiting Q1 We have $3.89 billion remaining of our $25 billion authorization granted in March 2024. Business professionals and consumers' subscription revenue is $1.78 billion, increasing 16% year-over-year as reported, or 15% in constant currency. Q1 growth drivers for business professionals and consumers included. Sustained double-digit ending ARR growth across all geographies. Acrobat and Express MAU grew approximately 20% year-over-year. Acrobat AI Assistant ARR grew approximately 3x year-over-year. And strong upgrades to Acrobat Studio as part of enterprise license renewals. Creative and marketing professional subscription revenue was $4.39 billion, increasing 12% year-over-year or 11% in constant currency. Q1 growth drivers for creative and marketing professionals included. Growth in Creative Cloud driven by the CC Pro offering. Creative freemium now crossed 80 million, growing over 50% year over year, and includes web and mobile versions of Firefly, Express, Premiere, Photoshop, and Lightroom. Generative credit consumption increased more than 45% quarter over quarter. Firefly ending ARR across Firefly App, Firefly Credit Packs, and Firefly Enterprise exceeded 250 million. Gen Studio and AEP and Apps ending ARR each grew over 30% year over year. Strong pipeline momentum for new AI offerings across LLM Optimizer, Sites Optimizer, and Brand Concierge. continued strength and retention across the enterprise customer base, and continued success in the enterprise as total customers with ARR over 10 million grew greater than 20% year over year. As we transform our business, we continue to deliver double-digit total Adobe ARR growth at scale, driven by innovative technology, the breadth of our solutions, and strong go-to-market motions. From a product perspective, Q1 ARR growth was driven by Acrobat and Express, Creative Cloud Pro, and AEP and apps in Gen Studio and the enterprise, as well as growing momentum in our expanding portfolio of AI-first applications, including Firefly App and Firefly Enterprise. In total, ARR from AI-first applications more than tripled year over year. In Q1, we drove significant malgrowth for our new creative web and mobile freemium offerings, including Express, Firefly, Photoshop, and Premiere. While this freemium approach is intentionally designed to serve the next generation of creators, build the Adobe brand, and set the foundation for accelerated growth over time, these offerings have a near-term impact on ARR. In addition, we continue to monitor and drive utilization of AI functionality across our products. In Q1, this AI functionality drove significantly greater credit consumption quarter over quarter. However, in Q1, we experienced a greater than anticipated decline in our traditional standalone stock book of business. While this is happening faster than expected, our strategy is to provide customers with the choice to use stock, or generative AI offerings for creative and marketing workflows. We expect strength for our core Acrobat and CC products, and enterprise demand for our CXO solutions, coupled with new MAL growth for Firefly and Express, and increasing AI usage and monetization to gain momentum as we move through the year. We continue to expect total Adobe ARR growth of 10.2% for FY26. Let me now turn to our financial targets, which assume current macroeconomic conditions and do not include the contribution of SEMrush, which we continue to expect to close in Q2, subject to regulatory approvals and closing conditions. For Q2 fiscal 2026, we're targeting total Adobe revenue of 6.43 to 6.48 billion, business professionals and consumers subscription revenue of 1.80, to $1.82 billion, creative and marketing professional subscription revenue of $4.41 to $4.44 billion, GAAP EPS of $4.35 to $4.40, and non-GAAP EPS of $5.80 to $5.85. For Q2, we expect non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 44.5% and non-GAAP tax rate of approximately 18%. In addition, we are reaffirming our FY26 targets. Adobe remains focused on executing our growth strategy in a period of profound technological change. As customer behavior evolves, the strength of our platforms and the rapid pace of our AI-driven innovation in creativity, productivity, and customer experience orchestration workflows position us to drive profitable growth and seize the opportunities ahead. Shantanu, back to you.

Shantanu Narayan: Thanks, Dan. Q1 represented a strong start to the year, both for our existing platforms where we've been innovated with AI, as well as the new strategic initiatives that will drive future growth. Adobe remains steadfast in its commitment to innovation and delivering value to our customers, partners, and shareholders. We're confident that our customer-centric approach, groundbreaking product innovations, passionate employees, and unwavering execution will continue to drive growth and create durable value. Thank you, and we will now take your questions. Operator?

Operator: Thank you. If you are dialed in via the telephone and would like to ask a question, please signal by pressing star 1 on your telephone keypad. Please limit yourself to one question in order to give everyone an opportunity. If you are using your speaker phone, please make sure your mute function is turned off to allow your signal to reach our equipment. Again, please press star 1 to ask a question. And we will take our first question from Jay Fleishar with Griffin Securities.

Jay Fleishar: Thank you. Good evening. Shantanu, first, for you, I just want to say how much I have appreciated our three-decade relationship. And I do want to commend you, if that's a strong enough word. for the multiple transformations at the company that we've seen over that long period of time. So I just wanted to make that personal and professional remark before I ask my question, which this evening is actually for Dan, not a product question. One of your most important metrics I think is and will be the progression of your current RPO. The constant currency growth rate for CRPO was about a point better than Q4. And also, over the last number of years, we've seen that CRPO has fairly consistently been somewhere around 51, 52 percent of your estimated next 12-month revenue on a rolling quarterly basis. Is there any reason to believe that your revenue visibility via CRPO coverage might proportionally increase over the next number of years? Maybe just talk about that, you know, perhaps structural change that you foresee, if any, in your CRPO.

Dan Dern: Yeah, thanks, Jay. Appreciate the question. We're pleased with the momentum that we exited the year last year, 2025. Strong progression across all three customer audiences, and the business performed well. As we window into this year, you can see the strength in terms of our enterprise business. and the way we're combining solutions from creativity to marketing to create those content automation solutions and help brands drive their business in this environment. So we're pleased with the progression and the performance and the strategy and the execution against that strategy. I don't see any reason why the trends we've seen in the business historically would inflect to drive a different dynamic as it relates to RPO. CRPO, and translation to revenue.

Shantanu Narayan: And Jay, I just wanted to say thank you for those kind thoughts. And I have to, I'd be remiss if I didn't say that I'm even more excited about what we've been accomplishing as it relates to the AI transformation and the opportunity ahead of us. So, you know, we're going to stay really focused on capitalizing on that opportunity.

Unidentified Participant: Thank you.

Operator: Thank you. We will take our next question from Saket Kalia with Sparkly.

Saket Kalia: OK, great. Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question here. Shanu, I just want to start by echoing Jay's comments. I mean, clearly, this has been a very dynamic space. But you've helped build one of the largest SaaS businesses in the world over the years. So let me just start by saying congrats. But maybe on that point, I was wondering, just a bit of a broad question. What is the board looking for in Adobe's next CEO?

Shantanu Narayan: Well, thanks again, Saket. I think at our core, we're always going to be a product company, and I think taking advantage and looking around the corner as it relates to the immense opportunity that AI has across creativity and marketing is the real opportunity for not just the CEO, but the company as well. And I think from my perspective, It's a massively scaled business right now. And so, you know, just continuing to have a growth agenda. And, you know, we're all about our people. And so the values associated with it. And I'm actually really confident that the board and the special committee, you know, will do a great job of shepherding that search.

Saket Kalia: Very helpful. Thank you.

Operator: Thank you. We will take our next question from Brad Zelnick with Deutsche Bank.

Brad Zelnick: Great. Thank you so much. Firstly, Shantanu, congrats on an epic run. Your impact on Adobe and the industry at large I know will be enduring for decades to come. But my question is for David. David, it's great to hear the generative credit consumption is ramping so meaningfully, up 45% sequentially, and much of the expansion has been skewing towards video and audio. We'd love to understand what use cases you're seeing consume credits so meaningfully in video and audio, are we still in more of an exploration stage? Or maybe ask differently, what are the use cases you're seeing from leading edge customers that are driving this type of consumption? Thanks.

David Wadwani: Yeah, I think that's a really important question and indicator in terms of where we're going. If you take a step back, I think when you look at the evolution of AI, it has definitely gone from a fun thing to play with to something that's evolving and being integrated more and more into existing workflows. And now I think people are very much relying specifically on the need for AI to be part of their creative process. And so for those who haven't been tracking, you can think about generative credits like tokens for our creative applications. Obviously, we do a lot of generations across the entire business, but that's effectively what that is. The net of what you're seeing here is we have more people generating than ever before. You saw that monthly active users of our premium creative software, as an example, is up to over 80 million, 50% year over year. So we have more people generating. They're generating higher resolution because it's not just a fun thing to play with. It's actually part of their existing workflows. and they're generating higher modalities, things like video, audio, design. And so you see all of that pushing generative credits up. The second thing is they're actually generating in more places. We've certainly started the process by having them create and use generative AI in our core flagship applications, and that continues to grow nicely. Firefly is becoming really more of a destination. We talked about how that business grew 75%. sequentially quarter over quarter express boards for broad-based ideation and stakeholder value. So lots of reasons to look at this as the right leading indicator. And the last thing I'll say is we're starting to see a nice ramp in terms of existing creative professionals adding on additional creative packs as a result of this.

Brad Zelnick: It's really helpful. Thank you so much.

Operator: Thank you. We will take our next question from Mark Murphy with JP Morgan.

Mark Murphy: Thank you, Sean. Congrats on one of the greatest and longest CEO tenures and growing Adobe to $26 billion in revenue. I want to ask you and also the others, it's remarkable to see 13% subscription revenue growth. We haven't seen that in quite some time. It's intriguing that total revenue growth accelerated in constant currency to 11% or maybe I should say upticked. But can you speak to the revenue acceleration? We were not expecting to see revenue accelerate quite yet. And I'm just trying to understand, should we assume the stock business is pretty small? And, you know, therefore, whatever minor setback you saw, it's just being more than offset by tripling in AI revenue and the step up in credit consumption that Brad asked about. And that maybe, is it that kind of netting out that drove this top line acceleration during the quarter?

Shantanu Narayan: Yeah, a couple of things, Mark. I mean, if you take a step back and really look at, as we've been going through this transition, what we've been focused on, first and foremost, it's about, are we driving the right product innovation with great new customer audiences in sight? And the way I tend to think about that, it's on the user side, as we have been saying, really driving a huge amount of new user adoption and usage. is the early indicator for us that we are driving success with the next generation of creators and business professionals and consumers because our strength with the creative professional continues. And so I think we've done a really good job with Firefly and Acrobat and Express continuing to drive innovation in those particular areas. And then on the other side of the spectrum, I mean, we've always said one of our sustainable differentiations is what we do within the enterprise. And so, you know, the enterprise pipeline and continuing to make sure that we deliver, you saw both Gen Studio as well as AEP and apps growing 30%. I think as it relates to, you know, the revenue, you know, we're doing a better job of really making sure that, you know, as it relates to translating ARR to revenue, that we're really focused on it. That continues to be both a focus on making sure that we drive retention and And just looking at linearity. So the linearity also associated with the business tends to help with that. So we're pleased with revenue as well as EPS. But I think bigger picture, we just look at it and say the fact that we're driving AI across the individual user segment and the enterprise, which was a really strong quarter. I think as it relates to your question around stock or order of magnitude, You know, it's about a $450 million book of business. And maybe, you know, just to talk a little bit about that, if you take out the stock business like for like, you know, instead of the 10.9% growth, it would have been approximately 11.2% growth. So, you know, just to give you a flavor. Now, we still look at that entire business as an opportunity because people – do like to start any creation or marketing workflow with a piece of content. That's increasingly become generative. That's why you saw the scale, I think, and how we are doing generations. But hopefully that gives you a flavor of how we think of that business. And we want to make sure that we offer a combined royalty-free stock plus generative AI offering to take advantage of that opportunity.

Mark Murphy: Wonderful. Thank you so much.

Operator: Thank you. We will take our next question from Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley.

Keith Weiss: Excellent. Thank you guys for taking the question. And Shantanu, I don't think we can start a question without congratulating you on what was really an amazing career. I think it's pretty safe to say that you've been a North Star of leadership for the entire careers of probably most of the people on this call. And your stewardship of Adobe has just been So you'll be sorely missed. So it's been a pleasure working with you. So thank you for all of that. And best of luck on your future endeavors. Maybe as a little bit of an advertisement for your future successor, you talked a lot about laying foundation for future growth. You talked about some of the initiatives in the near term that temper near-term ARR, but sets up for success in the longer term. Can you talk to us a little bit more about those initiatives and a little bit more about those foundations? and how you expect that to evolve and maybe the timeframe for what today is a foundation building initiative to when that becomes more of a ARR driving initiative, when that becomes more of the acceleration story within Adobe. Thank you.

Shantanu Narayan: Yeah, sure, Keith. And again, thank you all for the kind remarks. I'm not done yet. I just want to make sure, make no mistake, I'm going to be laser focused on continuing to drive the company until, you know, we... have a new CEO and to make sure they are successful. But the things that we try to outline as strategic priorities, I mean, first, creativity is at the core on the DNA. And as it relates to the business professional and consumers, we just believe that the combination of creativity and marketing, creativity and productivity with the Acrobat plus Express is what's going to drive both usage as well as ARR. And so I think in terms of how we look at that particular business that's driving good mid-teens growth, and we want to, as we continue to drive applicability of Express in that, accelerate that business. And so the good news is the early indicators, which is Mao, is really increasing. Same thing with the freemium. I think in our prepared remarks, we talked about the 80 million that we're seeing as it relates to the creative freemium Mao. And so I think even that's driving the business. You know, the slight difference, Keith, in those businesses tend to be that in the traditional business, when somebody came and bought it, you know, you would just immediately translate that into ARR. And here they have to see a little bit of the paywall and they have to get, you know, so it's a little phase shifted is how I think about it. But, you know, for that particular customer segment, the fact that we're driving Mao, that is the right early indicator for us to focus on, much like we did with Reader for so many years, which is, you know, you get the adoption and you get the usage. And Reader ubiquity, even in new environments like Chrome as well as Edge, are really what's driving the revenue. So that's sort of the early indicator in driving that. The core creative professional, I think the ARR will continue to be driven by adding more value to the products. Creative Pro, which is the offering there, it's good to see the success associated with that. And I think on the enterprise side, hopefully both from our prepared remarks and from the answers to your question, that's really an area of strength for us. Because people are looking at it, and with AI, everybody wants to know how you transform your business. Every CEO that I talk to wants to ensure that they deal with the next generation of consumers and attract them, as well as what they want to do then is say, how do I ensure that for my marketing spend, I'm getting as much breadth as I can, as well as how much automation and productivity in terms of revenue. And so, you know, I think the fact that we have all these new offerings, specifically Firefly, Dan, I think, talked about a $250 million book of business for Firefly. That didn't exist, you know, a few years ago. As we talk about what's happening with Gen Studio, 30% growth, AEP and Absinthe. You know, I would venture to say, Keith, that we should hopefully see what we had identified as the AI-first, you know, sort of book of business. That tripled, but, you know, that should be our next billion-dollar business. So, you know, we're ruthlessly focused on all of those. So hopefully that gives you some color on, you know, why we're excited about the performance that we put up.

Brent Tho: Outstanding. That was great. Thank you so much.

Operator: Thank you. We will take our next question from Alex Zukin with Wolf Research.

Alex Zukin: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. And again, echoing everybody's praise out there on the call, it's truly been a special opportunity to work with you and, you know, follow your progress. I guess maybe I have a quick two-parter, which is If I think about the impact of AI MAU growth on ARR growth in the quarter, can you maybe just unpack exactly why it was dampened? And as consumption trends improve, how do we think about that kind of impact as we head through Q2, Q3, Q4? When does net new ARR growth start to to maybe go positive. And then maybe just anything on the timeline that we or an investor should expect around the CEO search. Is this something that, you know, is a quarter, multiple quarters, any timing there would be helpful.

Shantanu Narayan: Maybe I'll cover the second part and start, which is, you know, if I take a step back, actually, you know, because this is a question that if is on people's minds, I just wanted to actually say that there never would have been a good time given how much Adobe is part of me. So I do want to start off with that. And in many ways, I've always believed that my role is looking around the corner, whether it's positioning the company for the future or about product and leadership. And as we've said many times, on product, I feel really good about how we've transformed our roadmap. Based on this AI and customer audiences, the new products are both exciting and groundbreaking. On leadership, we've always invested in developing a really deep bench of outstanding execs. But timing-wise, part of it is it was really important for me to be transparent about my decision and communicate and allow the board to take ownership for the selection. So I would suspect it will take a few months. This is not because I've just notified them. So hopefully it gives you a little flavor for that. And I'll start on the other question, Alex, a little bit, and then ask David and Dan, which is the way you have to think about it is our traffic patterns in terms of creativity at Adobe.com is only going up and to the right. We have two options in terms of how we guide that traffic. We can guide that to ARR that comes immediately, or we can guide it to a long-term value and what drives traffic. greater long-term value in terms of getting the right product. And increasingly, we're, you know, ensuring that we transition. So top-line traffic is good, and that's why when we say dampen, you know, I like phase shift also a little bit because that sort of moves out. If you think about, you know, the fact that we reaffirmed our targets, I mean, that would imply that, you know, we would expect double-digit ending book of business growth for the remaining three quarters. So hopefully that gives you some flavor. But David? Yeah, I'm happy to just add on a little bit there.

David Wadwani: So, you know, as Shantanu indicated, like, you know, we look at creativity as a whole as bigger than it's ever been. And if we look forward, you know, we couldn't be more excited about the fact that literally everyone in the world is going to be creating. They're going to be creating visually. They're going to be creating images, videos, designs. And that's really our wheelhouse, right? And if we think about the shape of that broader creative audience, that is evolving, right? So we have creators now representing basically anyone in the world that wants to create visually. We have creative professionals who are under more and more pressure to create more prolifically and more content. And we have enterprises that are looking to automate more of that creativity. And so as we think about that creativity infusing itself into everything that We think about it in two columns. The first is around the end user. If you think about that, it really is about reaching the end user where they are. We have premium offers like Firefly and Express. We have power and precision by embedding AI in our existing creative products. We have more and more products for businesses around automation with Firefly Foundry and Firefly Services now part of Gen Studio. As we think about the growth algorithm for growth, we're going to see more traffic to Adobe.com. We continue to see record traffic levels. Traffic continues to grow very nicely. And how we route that traffic to freemium offers is going to be really the evolution that Shantanu is talking about in terms of the change that we should expect to see. And as that traffic goes to these new offers, it's just going to take a little time for them to use the product, to hit the paywalls, and then translate out. So, again, as we said on the prepared remarks, this is really on strategy to drive MAU, drive credit consumption, drive enterprise usage, and we should expect to see that start to accelerate in the back half.

Doug Clark: Thank you.

Unidentified Participant: Thank you, guys.

Operator: We will take our next question from Matt Swanson with RBC Capital Markets.

Matt Swanson: Yeah, great. Thank you. Sean, I'd echo my question. congratulations, I guess, as it were for this too. But I want to talk to you about the partnerships that we've had announced the last two quarters. So last quarter with all the embedded models and this quarter building on even more so with a lot of the advertising platforms, Amazon ads, Google meta. It's a lot of different companies that I think over the last year on this Gen AI journey, investors have brought up to us as you know, potential competitors or maybe almost a risk to Adobe that are now kind of part of the ecosystem. So can you talk a little bit more about kind of how you're evolving in this role of orchestration to really help, you know, monetize all this new creative content for all these stakeholders?

Shantanu Narayan: Great. And so maybe, you know, I'll touch on the enterprise one first and then I'll touch on the models. I mean, I think as it relates to the enterprise, I mean, what's completely clear is as we are helping people with customer experience orchestration, and Anil can certainly add to that, I mean, people are looking to us from everything. They're looking to us for brand visibility, acquiring customers, serving them, and then ensuring that they create a long-term engagement. So if you think of it that way, there's just no question that from the perspective of a CMO or a CIO or the head of business, They're looking to Adobe because in this LLM world, it's going to become even more important to them that they actually have a direct engagement with their customers and their own sites actually take way more importance in terms of the value. And so, you know, as a multi-channel world emerges in the LLM space, our ability to support it. So those specifically are like the partnerships with Google and Amazon and Meta, as well as the other ad places. I think to your point, all of them may have an offering because they have to allow a self-serve offering. Those typically tend to be geared towards the small and medium business and maybe even smaller part because it's important, but they value the fact that we can actually help them get campaigns faster and understand the efficacy of those campaigns by closing the loop. And they would like to work with us to jointly go to a customer and say, see, if you advertise on our channel, your return on investment is much better. So that's as it relates to that side. Same thing with the agencies, because the agencies are partnering with us to say, we need more automation, we need more technology to help deal with how AI is going to impact marketing spends. Let's partner with you. And so that's why, you know, partnership with Publicis or WPP accomplishes that. I think on the model side, my take on the model side would be as follows, which is there are going to be two or three really large language models that actually succeed. All of these individual models that exist, you know, small model companies in one part of a media ecosystem, I just don't see how long-term they – survive because people aren't interested in just the model, they're interested in the workflow. And so for us, offering customers with that choice was actually very strategic because we can actually then provide for all of our creative customers the right model for the right case because these all have different brands. And so, you know, I think as it relates to the support of all these models, I think it's a win-win. They would like access to customers which Adobe has and we would like access to these different models because they have different brand attributes and you know I think if you look at the larger companies like Google we're actually with them and with nano banana it's been a great partnership because we are providing them with a lot of customers and they're providing us with great technology and so And to some degree, I look at that, and I think I may have said that in my prepared remarks. I definitely look at that as I looked at when iOS came along or Android came along or the browser came along, whether that's Edge or Chrome or Mac and PC, frankly. Every single environment in which people want to engage is additive to the opportunity. And if we don't think it's additive to the opportunity, we're just unnecessarily ignoring that. So that's the way I look at it.

Unidentified Participant: Thank you.

Shantanu Narayan: And frankly, you'll continue to see more partnerships, so stay tuned. I mean, that's something that we, you know, continue to work on.

Operator: Thank you. We will take our next question from Brent Tho with Jefferies.

Brent Tho: Thanks. The dampening of ARR with new free meme offerings, I guess, what gives you confidence in the backside that you can monetize this?

Dan Dern: Yes, so I would say, first of all, we already are monetizing it. You see the momentum we have with Express. You see the momentum we have with Firefly. And we've got a long history. Acrobat, I think, is the first freemium funnel around software, and it's one of the most performed parts of our business. And so we feel good about the journey we've been on, which takes a large surface area of highly engaged users, takes them on journeys where they dive deeper from a feature functionality standpoint, hit paywalls, and bring them down the funnel. And once they are paying customers in these freemium models, and frankly, this is where customers' preferences and behaviors are going. They want to try before they buy. And so it's meeting the customers where they are. But we've got an incredible ecosystem that's pervasive. And once they become deeper customers around those freemium entry points the opportunity to more deeply monetize that over time with a well-worn motion around upsell and cross-sell is one of the historical strengths of the company and will continue to be so we feel confident that it is on strategy meet the customers where they are allow them to engage in the way in which they want to engage and then continue to bring them deeper into the Adobe ecosystem, which becomes an effective monetization lever over time. So we feel good about the strategy and how we're executing against it.

Brent Tho: And Dan, one quick follow-up just on capital allocation. From an M&A perspective, I know you've backed off quite a bit, but the environment's changed considerably where other large companies are feeling things are easier to get done. Have you shifted your view at all on the buyback versus M&A?

Dan Dern: Yeah, I would say there's a change in our philosophy. We've always said there's three elements to our capital allocation strategy. First pillar is to grow the company, grow it organically by investing in game-changing, category-defining innovation, but also complement it from time to time with inorganic activity. then maintain a flexible, strong balance sheet, and return excess capital to shareholders. That framework is standing the test of time. We've announced SEMrush, great asset, great acquisition, complements the business well, and allows us to engage from a brand visibility standpoint in an evolving environment where you're layering in LLMs next to search engine optimization, and we'll have the industry's best leadership category-defining products And so we continue to look, but we won't be cavalier about M&A. We've got great innovation in flight. We've got an organic engine that we're pleased with the innovation we're bringing and the strategy that we're executing against. But we continue to look to see how we complement that organic growth engine within organic. And the bar is going to be high, but when we see something that's interesting and attractive, we will absolutely go out and action it. And so I would say there's really no change to the approach, Brent.

Doug Clark: Great. Thanks.

Operator: Thank you. We will take our next question from Michael Turin with Wells Fargo Securities.

Michael Turin: Hey, great. Thanks very much. Appreciate you taking the question. This one's for the broader team. The company is still delivering greater than 47% operating margin. It's an impressive number, but the net new ARR number was down a touch this quarter. So I'm just wondering what the team's thoughts are on potentially taking margin down to grow faster. It's a question we're getting from investors across software. So is that something you think you could do with some of the newer revenue streams and engagement levels you're seeing? Or maybe Talk to us around how you're evaluating the trade-offs there, just given the current environment. Thanks very much.

Shantanu Narayan: Sure. You know, I'll start, and then, I mean, we are always looking to make sure that we spend, you know, money to drive long-term value. And on some of the businesses, namely, I would say Firefly and Express, you're absolutely right, which is the more marketing we spend on it, the more with our data-driven operating model, we continue to see it. I think you'll see as it relates to the Q2, there's a slight degradation that has as much to do with the summit and the other events. But maybe what's not well understood is how below the surface, we're actually constantly getting more efficient as it relates to our spend and making sure that we spend that more on marketing as well as on the cogs associated with what's happening. So we now track tokens and token usage within the company. And it's nice to see that token usage increase because that means that our AI products are seeing great value associated with it. And we will continue to do that. We will continue to do that. And given we have the best customer experience orchestration solutions, we know where that ROI is helpful and where that ROI can be wasteful. But it's a good question. And be assured that we're spending on the newer initiatives, and that's why, you know, tripling that revenue, and you're right. I mean, we will continue to see how we can accelerate that as well. I mean, given that is the last question, maybe, again, in summary, what I would say is that as it relates to our business, a strong start to the fiscal year, and as we think about where the companies focus, namely AI products and ensuring that at the user level we continue to see accelerated acquisition and usage, and on the enterprise, making sure that we combine the power of our creative tools to enable them to accomplish their business objectives with customer experience orchestration. We feel really good about that. So thank you for joining us, and hope to see all of you at Summit. Doug?

Doug Clark: Thank you, everyone, for joining. Thank you.

Operator: And this does conclude today's question and answer session. I would now like to turn the call back to Shantanu for any additional or closing remarks.

Shantanu Narayan: I think we actually closed. Thank you very much.

Operator: And this does conclude today's call. Thank you for your participation, and you may now disconnect.